Alerting UI Updates (#3937)
astronomer/docs: astro/alerts.md

    </TabItem>
    </Tabs>

7. Click **Create notification channel**.

## Step 3: Create your alert in the Astro UI

> 1. In the Astro UI, click **Alerts**, and then the **Alerts** Tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Astro UI, click on **Alerts** and then the **Alerts** Tab.
```

2. Click **Add Alert**.

3. Choose the **Alert Type**

    - **DAG failure**: Send an alert if a DAG fails.

    - **DAG success**: Send an alert when a DAG completes.

    - **Task duration**: Enter the **Duration** for how long a task should take to run before you send an alert to your notification channels.

    - **Absolute Time**: Select the **Days of Week** that the alert should observe, the **Verification Time** when it should look for a DAG success, and the **Lookback Period** for how long it should look back for a verification time.

    For example, if an alert has a **Verification Time** of 3:00 PM and a **Lookback Period** of 60 minutes, it will trigger whenever the given DAG does not produce a successful DAG run from 2:00 to 3:00 PM. Astro applies the times you specify based on the time zone of your current web browser session, then translates them to UTC in your Airflow environment.

4. Choose the alert **Severity**, either **Info**, **Warning**, **Critical**, or **Error**.

> 5. Define the conditions for when you want your alert to send a notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Define the conditions on which you want your alert to send a notification.
```

  - Select the **Attribute**, **Operator**, and **DAGs** to define when you want Astro to send an Alert and which DAGs that you want the alert to apply to.

## Step 3: (Optional) Change an alert name

> After you select a DAG that you want to apply an alert to, Astro automatically generates a name for your alert. However, you can choose to change the name for your alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you select a DAG that you want to apply an alert to, Astro automatically generates a name for your alert. However, you can choose to change the name of your alert.
```
